= minitest-rails-capybara

Capybara integration for MiniTest and Rails.

== Install

    gem install minitest-rails-capybara

This installs the following gems:

    minitest
    minitest-rails
    minitest-matchers
    minitest-capybara
    capybara

== Configure

Follow the instructions to configure <tt>minitest-rails</tt>. Then add <tt>minitest-rails-capybara</tt> to the <tt>:test</tt> group in Gemfile:

    gem "minitest-rails"

    group :test do
      gem "minitest-rails-capybara"
    end

Add the following to your <tt>minitest_helper.rb</tt> file to the <tt>test</tt> directory.

    require "minitest/rails/capybara"

== Usage

Capybara is intended to be used for automating a browser to test your application's features. This is different than the integration tests that Rails provides, so you must use the <tt>Capybara::Rails::TestCase</tt> for your feature tests.

To generate these feature tests, you can use the feature generator:

    rails generate mini_test:feature CanAccessHome

You can now use Capybara in your feature tests!

    require "minitest_helper"
    
    class CanAccessHomeTest < Capybara::Rails::TestCase
      def test_homepage_has_content
        visit root_path
        assert page.has_content?("Home#index")
      end
    end

Or you can specify use of the Capybara's spec DSL by providing the <tt>--spec</tt> option:

    rails generate mini_test:feature CanAccessHome --spec

Which will generate a feature test using the Capybara spec DSL:

    require "minitest_helper"
    
    feature "Can Access Home Feature Test" do
      scenario "has content" do
        visit root_path
        assert page.has_content?("Home#index")
      end
    end

If you want Capybara within your integration tests, add the following to your <tt>minitest_helper.rb</tt> file:

    class ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
      include Rails.application.routes.url_helpers
      include Capybara::RSpecMatchers
      include Capybara::DSL
    end

== Specifying drivers

Tests can specify drivers by setting the metadata.

    feature "Can Access Home Feature Test" do
      scenario "has content", js: true do
        visit root_path # Visited with JavaScript driver
        assert page.has_content?("Home#index")
      end
    end

For more information, see the minitest-metadata library:

https://github.com/wojtekmach/minitest-metadata

== Running Tests

Issue the following rake command to run your features tests:

    $ rake minitest:features

Or add the following to the bottom of your Rakefile to add feature tests to the default testing task:

    MiniTest::Rails::Testing.default_tasks << "features"

== Get Involved

Join the mailing list to get help or offer suggestions.

https://groups.google.com/group/minitest-rails

== License

Copyright (c) 2013 Mike Moore

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
